what's up i'm glad to see you it's good
to kick it with you again yesterday i
watched the first episode and i asked
you do you want to keep watching most of
the homies y'all agree that y'all want
to keep watching this series so that's
what we're about to do however i just
realized i watched the first episode all
the way wrong i'm supposed to be
watching the original language version
so that's what we're about to do for
episodes today after that we're going to
figure out do we want to keep watching
or do we want to move on to something
else
[Music]
they look so miserable i mean i will be
too
keeping honest with you
smith
[Music]
just like that after one game
does she need to register your child's
name like
after they're born or is that not a
thing
or is it only a thing in like i don't
know america
let me know because i have no clue
[Music]
oh [ __ ]
they give me you i don't i don't know
how much that is and uh and and i don't
i don't know how much that is when that
converts to usd but they giving you a
great amount of money
are you staying in the game are you
getting the hell up out of there because
i know i'm getting the hell out of that
asap i just don't think that the rest is
worth the reward in my opinion okay
it should be easy or easy decision to
make
i know damn well she ain't thinking
about it
i know
okay
[Music]
what's going on
leave
hold the hold on bro did she just press
green
bro you was the one who suggested that
what about your kid now you need the
name you need the name you need to name
the kid
thank you some common sense
the people who press in green you can
tell they really have nothing left to
lose like they have they lowest to oh my
god it's so close
come on bro
i like the old i like the old man too i
hope you just picked the right thing bro
again he pretty much at the end of his
life so what do you have to lose you
know what i'm saying he's gonna pick oh
he's gonna he's gonna keep pick the key
playing though i can feel it he got that
tumor too so i don't know
thank god
he a real one
i like him
i like him i like the old dude
y'all wanna know how i think my guess is
for this dude right here
y'all know the person who was slapping
on 456
he went into the game
that's why i think the dude in the black
is let me know what you think though
they just left you out naked
i do i let her take me out first
i'll trust her
well
blowing up
geez
since we homies give me a give me a
history lesson
is that how you just say thank you and
korean culture you just do like the like
about i'm not sure exactly what it's
called but
if you know let me know because i love
learning about little stuff like that i
think it's super dope and in another
question to follow up with that is it
disrespectful
if you say thank you
but you don't bow after it
let me know that
comes out
see yeah he keeps on doing like the like
the bow things
like when he says it out loud it sounds
kind of crazy but it's like you just
have to be there to see it
um
[Music]
don't tell me she did
i know the money can really help his mom
like i said before do you really think
it's worth it
if you and his if you were in his
situation would you be like
man i should have stayed or you would
have been like nah i'm better off like
struggling
me personally i still don't think it's
worth
i'm confused about him because he seems
like a good person but the more i
learned about it i'm kind of just like
bro you like you stealing mom's card
it seems like he's like taking advantage
of the people that's close to him so
it's kind of i'm i don't know i don't
know how i don't know how i feel about
him like are you a good person inside
the game and a bad person outside the
game
you just make some mistakes are you
still like that i don't know what what
do you think about it
you think he gonna be a good person
dang the goldfish dead
oh damn
his brother was a part of the game
okay i think his brother did
now i'm gonna tell you the clues why why
i think his brother did
first of all he got the card
so that means he could have probably
been part of the game
and two
if he not back by now he should be dead
because over half the people died and
the people who were part of the game
that that
that survived they all got sent back
home you know what i'm saying
oh
at that point because why not you might
as well just take your bread and run you
already if you stay there you going to
jail you're going to get jumped one or
the two just taking money and run bro
his mom seems so sweet bro yeah
something's wrong
something wrong
oh it's player one
hey shout out to the old dude bro
i'm realizing there's a lot of people on
the show who have sketchy backgrounds in
history but he seems like the only
genuine
nice one
if you know what i'm saying
so i want to say he my favorite so far
all the people
number one the old dude's my favorite
bro those noodles look freaking fire bro
i want some so bad bro i want some
noodles you eating like uncooked noodles
like that bro there's a struggle that
real am i the only one who just eat
regularly cooked
or maybe i'm woman who knows speaking of
people i don't like i don't trust this
dude if my life depended on that i do
not trust him at all bro it's just his
bob it's bob giving me like he giving me
bad energy bro he giving me super bad
energy
y'all gonna let your boy get killed like
that
[Music]
you gonna let your boy kill get killed
like that and you just walking around
slow you should have been you would have
pulled out the gap you pulled off the
strap or something hey wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait we
pausing we pausing the video right here
you gon let your boy get killed you
supposed to be sending them up you let
your boy get killed you coming to the
fight without the straps
with some whistling baseball bat like
like bro he can run faster he can't run
faster than a bullet though i guarantee
you it yeah i don't care how fast he is
he can be you saying both he's not
running faster than a bully that's a
tough situation to be in you want money
from me
x that's crazy
that's kind of embarrassing bro ain't
gonna lie to
oh my god bro so you think you're gonna
pay this man to leave his to leave his
daughter i think he deserved that one
don't talk to him he defends don't talk
to him he defends you trust him
what you think you trust him
oh the old man you bout to go back
password watch you gonna say it
oh you don't need the password to sign
but i would have stayed out there
struggling bro there ain't no way i
would have went back bro
oh
shoot
she covered her nose
bruh episode two was fire and i think we
should watch episodes three and four
next
but you get to decide whether we
continue watching this or if we move on
to something else
so let me know what you want to do
[Music]